hey doing the lane great I'm Bruce
Gleeson at 978 to Santiago Boulevard I
hope you find my comments interesting
tonight I have two separate issues to
speak about but they'll both be less
than three minutes so please indulge me
I'd like to talk about the in god we
trust' motion at last month's meeting I
heard from several council members and
several citizens and seemed annoyed at
the speakers who were living outside the
city that were speaking against the
motion maybe those who feel this way do
not recall the ironic fact that it was a
religious promoting woman from 280 miles
outside of our city who brought this
motion to the attention of our city
manager if you do not respect the
opinions of people that took the time
and energy to appear before you that are
from the immediate surrounding areas how
can you respect a person 280 miles from
our wonderful city to promote their
brand of religion on us I'd like to
correct some misunderstandings of
non-believers and this will be fairly
quick non-believer simply want the same
rights as believers that's it it's a
very simple concept we want believers to
have the right to believe in their God
just as much as we hope that they would
give us the right to believe in a
different God or no God non-believers
universally do not want to change
anybody's opinions or beliefs we are not
evil in any sense of the word
non-believers are just like everyone
else with jobs morals families and
responsibilities just because we believe
in a different ideology does not mean we
do bad things or are unpatriotic one of
the greatest misunderstandings says the
idea that it was if one does not believe
in a Supreme Being their character or
morals are flawed this is false it would
make me very proud if all of you if
instead you simply declined to take any
action on this issue I hope this is an
alternative I don't know can if this is
an alternative or not you simply take
decline to take any action on this issue
you in my opinion this issue should not
be considered any governmental body it
divides believers from unbelievers
please consider that option if you talk
about this I didn't see it on the agenda
tonight by the way I'd like to after I
finish here and very shortly I will ask
you what your plans are amounting if you
decide not to decline please consider
two other alternatives you can place
three nut mottos on the next ballot
instead of one I would be happy to
contribute five hundred dollars for my
favorite the hidden jewel which I think
would look fantastic behind you or
better yet can can email the city
residents I understand he does it every
Friday for a survey that what models
would be acceptable to our citizens this
would cost nothing and give a good
representation of the residences
opinions I'm even sure that some
Christians that strongly believe in a
separation of church and state would
appreciate these different models as
much as I do again no vote need be taken
if you only give one choice that will
simply be approved by a religious
majority this is not how any system of
government body is supposed to work